YON-ROGG [annoyed and tired]: Do you know what time it is?

CAROL: Can't sleep.

YON-ROGG: There are tabs for that.

CAROL: Yeah, but then I'd be sleeping.

YON-ROGG: Dreams again?

(Carol nods in response. Yon-Rogg does so as well.)

CAROL: Wanna fight?

[Scene changes to a Carol falling over. The camera then pans to show a doji-like structure, with Carol and Yon-Rogg on a mat]

CAROL: I slipped.

YON-ROGG: Right. You slipped as a result of me punching you in the face.

CAROL: I was already slipping when you happened to punch me in the face. The two events are not related.

YON-ROGG [amused]: Tell me about this dream.

[Carol and Yon-Rogg start to spar]

YON-ROGG: Anything new?

CAROL: No.

[Carol and Yon-Rogg continue to spar. Yon-Rogg grabs Carol's right arm and pins it behind her]

YON-ROGG: You've got to let go of your past.

CAROL: I don't remember my past.

YON-ROGG: It's slowing you down, and that makes you vulnerable.

[Yon-Rogg lets go of Carol's arm and they continue to spar. Carol then is forced onto the floor, and her fist begins to glow orange]

YON-ROGG: Control it.

[Carol's fist returns to normal]

YON-ROGG: Lose control again and you'll have to convene with the Supreme Intelligence. There is nothing more dangerous to a warrior than emotion.

[Carols smirks at Yon-Rogg causing Yon-Rogg to push her backwards]

YON-ROGG: Humor is a distraction. And anger, anger is the enemy.

[Yon-Rogg continue to fight. Yon-Rogg puches Carol in the face causing her to fall down. Carol retaliates by shooting energy from her fist, resulting in Yon-Rogg flying backwards]

[Scene changes to outside of a futuristic train station. There are electronic billboards on buildings, and blue and orange lights can be seen through windows]

Electronic Voice-Over (from billboard): 120 days since the last Skrull attack.

[The scene then changes to Carol and Yon-Rogg inside of a train carrage, surrounded by other Kree]

Carol: Has anybody seen what the Supreme Intelligence really looks like?

Yon-Rogg: No-one can look upon the Supreme Intelligence in its true form. You know that. Our subconscious chooses the way they appear to us. So it's sacred, it's personal. The Kree divulges it ever.

Carol: Who do you see? Your brother?

Yon-Rogg: No.

Carol: Father?

Yon-Rogg (annoyed): No

Carol: Your old commander?

Yon-Rogg: Vers...

Carol (smug): It's me you see, isn't it?

Yon-Rogg (amused): I see what you're trying to do.

Carol (laughing): Is it working?

Yon-Rogg: Yes. But you won't succeed in changing my mind on the subject.

Carol: What is the point of giving me these [gestures to her hands] if you don't want me to use them?

Yon-Rogg: You're going to use them. The Supreme Intelligence made me the responsibility of showing you how to use them.

Carol: I know how.

Yon-Rogg: Well if that were true, you'd better not be damned without them.

[Carol pulls a face then punches Yon-Rogg in his arm]

Yon-Rogg: Control your impulses. Stop using this [points to her chest, above her heart] and start using this [gestures towards her head]. I need you to be the best version of yourself.

[Scene changes to the inside of the Supreme Intelligence. The walls appear golden, with pillars wider towards the top and narrowing towards the bottom. The floor has a hexagon lit up with white light. Carol walks onto the hexagon and extends her arms beside her. Tentacle-like wires appear from below her feet and connect to her legs, arms, and head].

[The scene changes again, but the wires have disappeared and the walls have been replaced with an endless glossy floor. Lights then descend from above and the Supreme Intelligence appears from within them]

Supreme Intelligence: Vers.

Carol: Intelligence.

Supreme Intelligence: Your commander insists that you're fit to serve.

Carol: I am.

Supreme Intelligence: You struggle with your emotions, with your past which fuels them.

[A floating image of the Earth appears, which Carol turns to look at. The image then turns into a variety of planets, with the camera switching slowly between them]

Supreme Intelligence: You are just one victim of the Skrull expansion that has threatened our civilisation for centuries. Imposters who silently infiltrate then take over then take over our planets.

[The image then zooms into one of the planets, revealing a Skrull carrying a weapon similar to in Carol's dream]

Supreme Intelligence: Horrors which you remember and so much which you don't.

Carol: It's all... blank. My life. You're supposed to take the form of you I most admire but I don't even remember who this person was to me.

Supreme Intelligence: Perhaps this is a mercy, sparing you from a deeper pain. Freeing you to do what all Kree must. Put your people's needs before your own. We've given you a great gift, a chance to fight for the good of all Kree.

[The chip on Carol's neck begins to blink, almost simultaneously her hands begin to glow]

Carol: I want to serve.

Supreme Intelligence: Then mask yourself; what was given can be taken away.

[Carol's chip and her hand stop glowing]

Carol: I won't let you down.

Supreme Intelligence: We'll know soon enough. You have a mission. Serve well and with honor.

[The scene suddenly changes back to inside the Supreme Intelligence building and the wires slide back to underneath Carol's feet]

[The scene changes to a shot of Carol, and Yon-Rogg's team walking towards a space ship within a hanger. The hanger is large, the walls are golden, and the team is wearing a green and black uniform]

Att-Lass: This can't be good.

Korath: It must be another Skrull attack.

Bron-Char: Whatever it is, it's big.

Minn-Erva: Has a Skrull ever assumed you?

Korath: Once. It was deeply disturbing.

Carol: Why?

Korath: Because I stared into the face of my mortal enemy and the face staring back was my own.

Carol: Well maybe if you were more attractive then it would be less disturbing.

Korath: You think you're funny, but I'm not laughing.

Att-Lass: You never laugh.

Korath: I laugh on the inside. I'm not doing it now.

Bron-Char: It's funny cause objectively speaking, you're quite handsome.

Korath: Well thank you.

Yon-Rogg: Listen up team! Knock it off.

[Yon-Rogg walks into the center of the plane and begins presenting a holographic presentation]

Yon-Rogg: Alright, prepare for the search and rescue of our spy, Soh-Larr. The Skrulls have invaded yet another border planet, this time Torfah. Soh-Larr sent a warning signal, which we've intercepted, that he's covers blown. The Skrull General Talos has sent kill units to find him. Should they reach him before we do, the intelligence he has acquired over three years is as good as theirs. The accusors will bomb a Skrull stronghold here in the south. We slip in, we locate Soh-Larr and we get out, leaving them none the wiser. The Torfah populace; we are not to interfere with them nor them with us. Nothing compromises the security of our mission. Proceed with caution. Follow protocol before extracting him.

[The holograph disappears, leaving the team standing in a circle]

Yon-Rogg: This is a dangerous mission, we must all be ready to join the collective if that is our fate today. For the good of all Kree!

Carol, Bron-Char, Korath, Minn-Erva and Att-Lass: For the good of all Kree!

[The scene changes to show the ship and the Accusor's ships flying out of the hanger and towards the horizon towards a jump hole. Once they all pass through the jump hole, the scene changes to show the ships leaving the hole, surrounded by empty space and approaching the planet Torfah]

[The Accusor's ships begin firing missiles down towards the Skrull stronghold down on Torfah. The ship containing Carol, Yon-Rogg and the other Kree follows after the missiles and crash lands in the sea. Carol and the Kree then emerge from the ship wearing masks and their green and black uniform. The Kree then swim from their ship before removing their masks.]

Yon-Rogg: Minn has tracked Soh-Larr's beacon. Att-Lass and Minn-Erva find information.

[The camera follows the Kree sneaking towards the stronghold, amongst pillars of rock and mountains]

Minn-Erva: Locals on the ridge. Maybe a dozen.

[Static noise is heard coming from Yon-Rogg's earwig]

Yon-Rogg: Minn-Erva?

Minn-Erva: Do you read me? Anybody copy?

[Static noise is heard coming from Yon-Rogg's earwig]

Carol: The beacon's coming from that temple. Let's move.

Yon-Rogg: No. This is the perfect spot for an ambush. Only one way in, only one way out.

Bron-Char: And we have to pass the locals, if they even are locals.

Yon-Rogg: Too risky.

Carol: You don't have to go with me. I'll go alone.

Yon-Rogg: No! You won't.

[Yon-Rogg looks around, assessing his surroundings]

Yon-Rogg: Run. Keep a close radius, we lose comms we meet back at the helix. Come on.

[The scene then changes to show the thermal imaging through one of the Kree's guns, showing the locals moving towards an area]

Minn-Erva: Att-Lass, you getting this?

Att-Lass: Copy. I see them.

[The scene changes to the Kree walking amongst pillars of rock towards the local's campsite]

Locals: {Untranslated syllables}

Yon-Rogg: Get back!

Locals: {Untranslated syllables}

Yon-Rogg: Get back.

Locals: [commotion amongst the group]

Yon-Rogg: Minn-Erva, do you have eyes on this?

[The Kree draw their weapons and face the locals]

Yon-Rogg: (to the locals) Get back! Minn-Erva!

Minn-Erva: Does anybody copy?

Locals: {untranslated syllables} [commotion amongst the group]

Yon-Rogg: I don't want to hurt you. Get back! Stay back!

[The scene changes to the view through Minn-Erva's gun. The locals continue to move towards the Kree, and Minn-Erva prepares to shoot before Att-Lass lowers her gun]

Att-Lass: The locals. I found two dead, no green. They're starving.

[Minn-Erva sees Soh-Lah fighting against the locals through the scope of her gun. Att-Lass begins to fight Minn-Erva, before Minn-Erva shoots him]

[The scene changes to Carol trying to locate Soh-Larr in the temple. When she sees somebody, the tablet in her arm lights up showing a string of characters]

Carol: HGX78

Soh-Larr: 297AXX

[The scene changes back to Yon-Rogg and Bron-Char surrounded by the locals]

Yon-Rogg: Answer me!

Bron-Char: Get back!

[One of the locals draws a Skrull weapon before being shot by Minn-Erva. Minn-Erva continues to shoot the locals surrounding Yon-Rogg and Bron-Char]

Yon-Rogg: Skrulls!

[The locals begin screaming before transforming into Skrulls and drawing their weapon. They then charge towards Yon-Rogg and Bron-Char and begin a firefight]

Yon-Rogg: Vers!

Bron-Char: Incoming!

Yon-Rogg: Back to the helix!

[The scene changes back to Carol and Soh-Larr, however Soh-Larr has transformed into Skrull Commander Talos]

Yon-Rogg (through Carol's earpiece): Do you copy?

Carol: How did you know the code?

Commander Talos: How about I tell you my secret. When you told me yours.

[Commander Talos tasers Carol before the screen turns black]

Skrull Tech (voiceover): Let's light her up

[The scene changes to a flashback of Carol at an Airforce base. The camera is pointed towards the nose of a plane and the hangar door is opening. The angle changes to follow Carol walking towards a fighter plane]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Where are we?

[The angle widens to show a circle of planes sitting on the tarmac]

Maria: Where's your head at?

Carol: In the clouds. Where's yours?

Maria: On my shoulders. Let's go show these boys how to do it. You ready?

Carol: Higher, further, faster baby.

Maria: That's right.

[The scene changes to show Maria and Carol climbing into their cockpits and preparing to fly]

Commander Talos (voiceover): This can't be right.

[The scene then changes to show Carol and Monica's planes taking off, before switching to a shot of Carol flying]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Go back even further.

[The camera spins to change from a scene of Carol flying to a scene of 11-year old Carol driving around a go-kart track at a fair]

Boy: You're going to fast. You need to go slow.

[Carol speeds up but crashes into the hay outlining the track. As the car tumbles, Carol sees flashes of orange and blue light similar to that of her energy blasts]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Who is this person? Are we in the right...

Carol's Father: What the hell do you think you're... You don't belong out here!

Commander Talos (voiceover): I think we're back in the wrong...

Carol (11-years old): You let them drive.

Commander Talos (voiceover): Let me try that.

[The scene changes again to show Carol hangin onto a rope to complete a ropes course in Air-Force training. She stares at the rope inf ront of her]

Cadet: You're not strong enough. You'll kill yourself.

[Carol swings back on the rope, before jumping off and trying to grab the rope in front of her. She grabs it, however, she loses grip and falls to the ground. When she hits the ground, there is an image of her thrown backward because of blue and orange flames, before the image returns to her hitting the ground on the course. The cadets laugh behind her]

Drill Instructor: They'll never let you fly.

Commander Talos (voiceover): Am I the only one who's confused here?

[The scene changes again to the inside of a bar, with Carol sitting at a table with Maria and another pilot standing next to her]

Pilot: You're a decent pilot, but you're too emotional. You do know why they call it a cockpit don't you?

[The camera changes to show a pool table. When a ball hits the table, the image changes to a small flash of blue light before changing back to the table. The camera then shows Carol and Maria singing]

[The scene changes again to show a Carol and Maria's daughter lying in the grass outside Maria's house]

Maria: Get your butt's inside, it's time to eat.

Carol: Prepare for takeoff Lieutenant Trouble.

Commander Talos (voiceover): Charming memory.

Skrull Tech (voiceover): Hang on.

[The scene changes to show Carol leaningak against her car outside of an airplane hanger, with Goose walking towards her. Carol leans down to pet Goose before Dr Wendy Lawson walks towards her]

Wendy Lawson: Goose likes you. She doesn't typically take to people.

Carol: Early start to your morning.

Wendy Lawson: Ah. Late night actually, I can't sleep when there's work to do. Sound familiar?

Carol: Flying airplanes never feels like work.

[Wendy and Carol turn to look at the airplanes which are taking off and landing]

Wendy Lawson: Wonderful view isn't it?

Carol: I prefer the view from up there.

Wendy Lawson: You'll get there soon enough Ace.

[Wendy Lawson turns around and walks away]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Wait, wait, wait. That's her. Get her back.

Skrull Tech (voiceover): Stand by.

Wendy Lawson: Sound familiar?

[Carol turns around to see Wendy standing behind her]

Wendy Lawson: Wonderful view isn't it?

Carol: I prefer the view from up there.

Wendy Lawson: You'll get there soon enough...

[Wendy Lawson turns around and walks away]

Commander Talos (voiceover): What's that on her shirt? I couldn't read it.

Wendy Lawson: Sound familiar?

[Carol turns around to see Wendy standing behind her]

Wendy Lawson: Wonderful view isn't it?

Carol: I prefer the view from up there.

Wendy Lawson: You'll get there soon enough...

Commander Talos (voiceover): Focus.

Carol: Excuse me?

[Wendy Lawson talks, however her voice is drowned out by Commander Talos' voiceover]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Look down.

[The camera pans down to the nametag on Wendy Lawson's shirt]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Focus. Pegasus, Dr Wendy Lawson. That's her.

Carol: Can you hear that?

Commander Talos (voiceover): Do we have the location?

[The camera shows Carol continuing to talk, but a flash of blue lighting interrupts the scene, before returning to Carol talking to Wendy]

Skrull Tech (voiceover): Got it.

Commander Talos (voiceover): Now track Lawson until we find the energy signature.

[The scene changes back to Carol's dream, where Lawson is holding a gun towards an unknown person]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Interesting.

[Carol's dream sequence continues through Commander Talos' voiceovers]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Um. Oh, don't I look right for this.

[Once Commander Talos fires his weapon, the scene changes to Carol in a dogfight. Commander Talos continues to talk to Carol, but Carol is beginning to resist]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Just look straight ahead. That's right, read the coordinates. Focus. Almost, almost there. That's right, don't fight it. Focus.

[Carol ejects herself from the plane, descends down to Earth, and shuts her eyes]

Commander Talos (voiceover): Get her back. Get her back now!

[When Carol opens her eyes, the scene suddenly changes to Carol with electricity running from a machine to her temples. Her vision is blurring, but shadows of upside-down Skrulls can be seen. As Carol looks around, the camera shows her restrained and hanging upside-down inside of a Skrull warship]

Commander Talos: Do we have any information we can act on?

Skrull Tech: Just that Lawson was somewhere on the Planet C53. We're on our way.

Commander Talos: Then dig deep, deep, deeper. Lawson is our link to that lightspeed engine. Everything we're after...

[A Skrull taps Carol in the center of her forehead, which changes an image on a screen]

Commander Talos: Oh. That did something. Try that again.

[The Skrull taps Carol on the forehead twice, before noticing that Carol's metal restraints are beginning to glow orange]

Skrull: Oh-uh

[Carol begins free from the restraints and begins to fight the Skrulls, one of the Skrulls raises their weapon, but Commander Talos lowers it]

Commander Talos: Not yet.

[Carol fights the Skrulls in the room, before confronting Talos. Carol pushes Talos against a table, and holds a glowing orange restraint against his head]

Carol: What did you do to me?!

Commander Talos: We're just after a little information.

Carol: What did you put in my head.

Commander Talos: Nothing that wasn't already there.

Carol: But those aren't my memories.

Commander Talos: Yeah, its like a bad dream in there. I'm not surprised you can't keep it straight. They really did a number on you.

Carol: Enough of your mind games! What do you want?

Commander Talos: We're looking for the location of a Doctor Lawson and her light speed engine.

Carol: I don't know any Doctor Lawson.

Commander Talos: Then why is she in your head?

[Skrulls begin running into the room from all different corridors. Carol throws Commander Talos against them before running off. Carol then runs around the ship, trying to find an exit, while fighting of the Skrulls, before she is stuck between two parties of advancing Skrulls]

Carol: You wouldn't know how these things come off would yah? No? Fine.

[Carol begins fighting the Skrulls, with her hands still in the restraints. Once she has defeated the Skrulls, she runs off again before being confronted by Commander Talos and two others. During this fight, she manages to free herself from the restraints by blasting energy from her hands until they break. However, this causes the glass of the ship to crack and Carol to be pulled outside. She then uses the energy in her hands to fly inside, pick up her shoes before finding an escape pod and flying down to Earth. On the flight down, the pod begins to break, and Carol is forced out and is thrown down into a Blockbuster store]

[The scene changes to the inside of an empty Blockbuster store. The lights are on and hanging at angles, the shelves are half-empty and Carol is covered in material from the roof. Carol stands up slowly and turns in a circle, taking in her surroundings. When she turns around and sees a life-size poster, she shoots an energy blast towards it, causing the head to fall off and the neck to erupt in flames]

Carol: Vers to Star Force Command. Do you read me?

[Carol begins to walk through an aisle, looking at the movies on the shelf]

Carol: Hello? Do you copy?

[Carol stops, picks up a movie and reads the summary. She becomes intrigued with something outside, and walks towards it. The scene then changes to a shopping strip, outside of the Blockbuster. Carol wipes dust off of her shoulders before walking towards a car and knocking on its window]

Carol: Hi, I'm Vers. Pre Star Force. Is this C-53? Do you understand me? Is my universal translator working?

Security Officer: Yeah, I understand you.

Carol: Oh, good. Are you in charge of security for this district?

Security Officer: Sort of. The movie theatre has its own guy.

Carol: Where can I find communications equipment?

[The security officer points towards Radio Shack]

Carol: Thank you.

[The scene changes to a shot of Skrulls walking towards the beach from within the waves. They look around, trying to find a person to imitate. Commander Talos finds a young women surfing, and changes into her]

Commander Talos: Track the pod, find the girl. She knows more than she knows.

[The scene changes to show that the three Skrulls have also changed into surfers from the beach, however Talos and another are identical]

Commander Talos: Hey, this one's taken.

[The scene changes back to the shopping strip, now in daylight. Carol is tinkering with her communications equipment with parts from Radio Shack and a payphone. She turns on her communicator and calls Yon-Rogg. The camera switches between Carol at the shopping strip and Yon-Rogg on the ship]

Yon-Rogg: Vers. Verify, CTC39

Carol: GRX31600, and I'm fine thank you for asking. Is everyone ok, what happened?

Yon-Rogg: Skrull ambush. I thought we'd lost you. Did you find Soh-Larr?

Carol: It wasn't Soh-Larr. Talos simmed him, even knew his code.

Yon-Rogg: That's impossible. That code was buried in his unconscious.

Carol: The Skrulls messed with my mind. The machine that they used, I think it was how they extracted Soh-Larr's code.

Yon-Rogg: Vers, where are you?

Carol: I'm on planet C-53. The Skrulls are looking for someone named Lawson.

Yon-Rogg: Who?

Carol: She's... who I see...

Yon-Rogg: She's what? Vers. Vers, what?

Carol: She's a scientist. They think that she's cracked the code on light speed tech. I have to get to her before they do, or else they'll be able to invade new galaxies.

Yon-Rogg: No. You've been caught once already. How far to C-53?

Bron-Char: Closest jump point is 22 hours.

Yon-Rogg: Vers. Hold your position until we get there, keep your comms online so that we can contact you.

Carol: No, what if they get a hold of it before...

[The payphone disconnects. The camera shows Yon-Rogg on the ship]

Yon-Rogg: Vers? Vers!

Korath: If the Skrulls have got to her, she's compromised.

Yon-Rogg: She's stronger than you think.

Bron-Char: Have you been visited?

Minn-Erva: Once, it's a real shithole.

[Camera switches back to Carol standing in the phone booth. Police cars speed down the road behind her before turning and parking outside the Blockbuster store. Phill Coulsen and Nick Fury step out of an unmarked police car. Coulsen walks towards the security car, while Fury begins to examine the store]

Coulsen: You call this in?

[The security guard nods before pointing at Carol. Carol is then seen activating her beacon, while Nick Fury walks up behind her and taps on the glass surrounding the phone booth]

Fury: Excuse me miss, do you know anything about a lady who went through the roof of that Blockbuster over there? Witness says she was dressed for laser tag.

Carol: Oh. Yeah, I think she went that way.

[Carol tries to walk off, but Fury steps in front of her]

Fury: Ah. I'd like to ask you some questions. Maybe give you the 4-1-1 on late night drop-bys. Could I see some identification, please?

Carol: Vers. Pre-Star Force. We don't carry identification on metal cards.

[Carol tries to walk off again, and Fury stops her]

Fury: Vers. Star Force. How long are you planning on being in town?

Carol: Oh, I'll be out of your hair as soon as I track down the Skrulls which are infiltrating your planet.

Fury: Skrulls?

Carol: Shape-shifters. They can transform into any lifeform down to the DNA. Oh boy, you guys don't have a clue do you.

Fury: Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hold on. How do we know that you're not one of those... shapeshifters?

Carol: Congratulations Agent Fury. You have finally asked a relevant question.

Fury: Oh! Congratulations to you Star Force Lady. You're under arrest.

[A policewoman steps forward to arrest Carol, however, Carol sees one of the Skrulls from the beach on a nearby rooftop and shoots an energy blast at them. Carol then runs towards the building, and Fury grabs his gun and runs towards the car. The Skrull runs across the rooftop, jumping over pipes while Fury runs along the footpath at the front of the building. The Skrull runs up the stairs, towards a train and transforms into an old lady who exits the train in front of him. Carol jumps up to the platform and runs into the same old lady. Carol then chases the train down the platform and jumps on top of it. Fury sees Carol hanging onto the train and turns the car around to pursue it. Carol then walks through the train, observing all the passenges before seeing the old lady. Carol then punches her, causing a fight before being pulled off the lady by a group of passengers. The lady escapes before changing into one of the men and walking into the next carriage and jumping onto the roof. Carol follows the man onto the roof and continues to fight him. Fury's car continues to follow the train track, barely avoiding the carnage being thrown off the roof by Carol and the Skrull]

Coulson: Train's heading for a tunnel up ahead.

Fury: Let's greet them at the station.

Coulon (over comms): Fury, this is Agent Colson. Umm, I'm still here at the Blockbuster and were did everybody go? I've finished collecting evidence.

[The Skrull disguised as Coulsen draws his weapon and points it towards Fury. They struggle for the gun before Fury turns the car into an oncoming bus, killing the Skrull]

[The scene changes to Carol alone outside of a building. She places a Skrull USB into the computer attached to her arm and looks through the file, containing information from her interrogation. The computer shows different images from her interrogation before it sparks and Carol removes the USB. The scene then changes to Carol inside of an internet Cafe, googling the information from the Skrull's. The scene changes again, this time to Carol standing outside of the Cafe holding a map. A biker comes along and parks next to where Carol is standing]

Biker: Nice scuba suit.

[The biker revs his engine, causing Carol to look towards him before looking back at her map]

Biker: Line up honey, heh? Got a smile for me?

[The biker then enters the shop. Carol then looks towards the bike again before taking some clothes from a nearby store and leaving on the bike]

[The scene then changes to the autopsy of the dead Skrull]

Medical Examiner: All life on Earth is carbon-based, not this guy. Whatever he runs on, it's not on the periodic table.

Fury: You're saying he's not from around here?

Medical Examiner: Hey, how's your eye?

Fury: Well, I'd say fine. But it can't believe what it's seeing.

Director: You said, that this thing looked like Coulson?

Fury: Talked like him too.

Director: The woman said that there were more?

Fury: The word she used was infiltration.

Director: Belive her?

Fury: Not 'till I say this.

Director: What's your plan?

Fury: I got to find Blockbuster girl. I got word on a motorcycle thief which fits her description. She can tell us why these lizards are here, maybe she can tell us how to kick them to the curb.

Director: Good. Do it alone though. Can't trust anyone. Not even our own men.

Fury: Yes sir.

[Fury walks away, leaving the Director of SHIELD and the Medical Examiner with the dead Skrull]

Director: Wow, they're ugly bastards aren't they?

Medical Examiner: Yeah, well. They're not Brad Pitt sir.

[The Directors leans down until he's just above the dead Skrull]

Director (whispers): Safe journey to the beyond my friend. I will finish what we started.

Medical Examiner: I wouldn't get too close there boss.

Director: No-one in or out.

[The scene changes to Carol driving the motorcycle across the desert on an almost empty highway. She overtakes a car, then pulls into a parking lot outside of a bar before walking inside. Carol looks around, remembering the vision from the Skrull interrogation of her and Maria inside the bar. The camera pans to show visions of Carol playing an arcade game, drinking with Maria and singing karaoke. Carol then walks over to a wall covered in pictures of Air Force fighter jets, before fixating on one with the Pegasus logo on the tail. While Carol is looking at the photos, the bartender walks past her]

Bartender: What can I get ya?

Carol: Where was this photograph taken?

Bartender: At an airport?

Carol: Where's Pegasus?

Fury: That's classified. Not unlike the file I started on you.

[Carol then walks behind the bartender and into view. The bartender then walks away confused]

Fury: But I see you changed it up a bit since then. Grunge is a good look for you.

Carol: Did you have a rough day Agent Fury?

Fury: It's cool. You know, space invasion, big car chase, got to watch an alien autopsy. Typical 9 to 5.

Carol: So you saw one?

Fury: I was never one to believe in aliens. But I can't unsee that.

Carol: This is gonna get a little awkward but I gotta ask.

Fury: You think I'm one of those green things.

Carol: Can't be too careful.

Fury: You are looking at 100 percent red-blooded Earthman.

Carol: I'm afraid I'm gonna need proof.

Fury: We talking cheek swab or urine sample.

Carol: No. The DNA would match.

Fury: Well my AOL password.

Carol: Skrulls can only assume recent memories of their host bodies.

Fury: Oh oh! You wanna get personal.

Carol: Where were you born?

Fury: Huntsville, Alabama. But technically I don't remember that part.

Carol: Name of your first pet.

Fury: Mr. Snuffers.

Carol: Mr. Snuffers?

Fury: That's what I said. Did I pass?

Carol: Not yet. First job?

Fury: Soldier, straight out of high school. Got the ranks of full breed Colonel.

Carol: And then?

Fury: Spy.

Carol: Where?

Fury: It was the Cold War, we were everywhere. Uh... Belfast, Bucharest, Belgrade, Budapest.

Carol: Now?

Fury: Been riding a desk for the past few years, trying to figure out where our future enemies are coming from. Never occurred to me that they'd be coming from above.

Carol: Name a detail so bizarre a Skrull could never fabricate it.

Fury: If toast is cut diagonally, I can't eat it. You didn't need that did you?

Carol: No. No, I didn't. But I enjoyed it.

Fury: Ok. Your turn. Prove your not a Skrull

[Carol calmly blasts energy out of her fists towards a jukebox on the opposite side of the room before resting her head back on her fist. Fury continues to look towards the jukebox, both concerned and confused]

Fury: And how is that supposed to prove to me that your not a Skrull?

Carol: It's a photon blast.

Fury: And...?

Carol: A Skrull can't do that. So a full-bred colonel turned spy turned SHIELD agent must have pretty high-security clearance. Wheres Pegasus?

[The scene changes to a black car driving through an empty highway next to a mountain, before changing to the inside of the car showing Fury driving and Carol in the passenger seat]

Fury: So the Skrulls are alien races which infiltrate and overtake alien planets. And you're a Kree, a race of noble warriors.

Carol: Heroes. Noble warrior heroes.

Fury: So um. What do Skrulls want with Dr. Lawson?

Carol: They believe she developed a light speed engine at Pegasus.

Fury: Light speed engine? I've got to admit, that's not the craziest thing I've heard today.

Carol: Well, it's still early.

Fury: And you, what do you want?

Carol: To stop the Skrulls before they become unstoppable.

Fury: And...? Look, war is a universal language. I know a rogue soldier when I see one, you've got a personal stake in this.

[The camera pans out to show the car arriving at a bunker. It then follows the car down the driveway and towards the security checkpoint]

Security Checkpoint: This is a government property, turn your vehicle around.

Fury: Nicholas Joseph Fury, Agent of SHIELD.

Security Checkpoint: Place your thumb on the pad. One moment.

Carol: Nicholas Joseph Fury, you have three names?

Fury: Everybody calls me Fury. Not Nicholas, not Joseph, not Nick. Just Fury.

Carol: What does your mom call you?

Fury: Fury.

Carol: What do you call her?

Fury: Fury.

Carol: What about your kids?

Fury: If I have them, they'll call me Fury.

Security Checkpoint: You're cleared for access.

Fury: Thank you.

[The gate in front of the bar opens and the car drives down the driveway and into a tunnel. The writing "Project Pegasus, Joint NASA USAF Facility" appear on the screen when the car enters the tunnel. Fury continues to drive through the tunnel before reaching the end and parking beside another car. Carol and himself step out of the car and shut the doors]

Fury: Oh, hold up. You look like somebody's disaffected niece. Put that on.

[Fury throws a grey baseball cap with SHIELD's logo at Carol]

Carol: What is this? [gesturing towards the logo]

Fury: It's the SHIELD logo.

Carol: Does announcing your identity on clothing help with the covert part of your job.

Fury: Said the space soldier who was wearing a rubber suit.

[Carol puts the cap on, and looks at Fury annoyed]

Fury: Lose the flannel.

[Carol takes off the flannel shirt hanging around her waist and throws it into the car. Carol and Fury then walk over to the edge of the carpark, showing an airplane hanger full of planes set up similar to that in Captain America: The Winter Soldier. A security guard from Pegasus and two armed airmen approach them from behind]

Security: How can I help you?

Fury: We're agents of SHIELD.

[Fury hands his badge to the security officer before looking at Fury]

Carol: We're looking for a woman named Lawson.

Fury: A Dr. Wendy Lawson.

Carol: Do you know her?

[The security officer hands back Fury's badge and directs them]

Security: Follow me.

Carol: Hmm.

[Carol and Fury follow the security officer but are directed towards a holding facility. The scene cuts to Carol and Fury sitting in an office, both incredibly bored. Fury is leaning forward, placing his elbows on his knees while Carold is leaning back against the wall with her arms crossed.]

Fury: Are you familiar with the phrase "Welcome Wagon"?

Carol: No.

Fury: Well, this ain't it.

[Fury then tries to leave the room by placing his thumb on a scanner near the door. The scanner looks at his fingerprint before blinking red. Fury then sighs before reaching into his pocket to grab his pager]

Carol: Is that a communicator?

[Fury stands up, walk across the room and begins typing on his pager]

Fury: Yeah. State-of-the-art two-way pager.

Carol: Who are you paging?

Fury: My mom. Don't worry, I didn't mention you.

[The text on the pager reads "DETAINED WITH TARGET. NEED BACKUP"]

[Carol stands up and walks towards the door and tries opening it with her fingerprint, before walking across the room to look at a map of the facility. At the same time, Fury then takes out his badge and looks at it carefully under the lights. He takes a piece of sticky tape, presses it against his badge before walking across the room and placing it on the scanner. When Fury begins walking across the room, Carol sits on the desk and watches him. The scanner reads the fingerprint before glowing green and opening the door]

Fury: After you.

Carol: Impressive.

Fury: Oh. You should see what I can do with a paperclip.

[Carol and Fury walk out of the room. The camera then skips, showing them leaving an elevator on the level holding records. As they are walking towards the records room, Goose walks up to Fury and Carol causing Fury to fawn over the cat]

Fury: Hey, there. How are you?

[Fury leans down to pet Goose but Carol stands back, observing the cat with a sense of deja vu]

Fury: Oh my goodness. Look at you. Just look at you. Aren't you the cutest little thing.

[Fury continues to fawn over the cat, even picking up Goose but Carol continues walking through the corridor looking for the records. Carol eventually finds the room before turning around and watching Fury with disinterest]

Fury: Aren't you cute? And what's your name, huh? What's your name? "Goose", cool name for a cool cat.

Carol: Fury.

[Both Fury and Goose turn to look at Carol. Carol nods towards the door]

Fury (to Goose): I'll be back.

[Fury walks away from Goose and stands next to Carol outside a door labeled "Records"]

Fury: Oh. Let me get my fingerprint out. Just let me unravel this puppy.

[While Fury is unwrapping the piece of sticky tape, Carol shoots energy out of her fist causing the handle and lock to disappear]

Fury: You sat there and watched me play with tape? When all you had to do was... [Fury imitates Carol shooting the energy]

Carol: I didn't want to steal your thunder.

[Carol and Fury walk into the records room. The room is originally dark, but the lights turn on row by row revealing a massive warehouse of shelves full of boxes. Carol and Fury walk past a few aisles before stopping and turning into one. Carol looks at all the boxes carefully before finding the one she wants]

Carol: Huh. Lawson.

[Carol pulls two boxes off the shelf. She hands the first to Fury and then places the second on the floor before removing files. Randomly, Goose appears at the end of the aisle]

Carol: Ha. Lawson's plan for the light-speed engine. I wonder why they terminated the project.

Fury: Um, maybe because she's cuckoo.

[Fury shows Carol a page from a notebook, covered in hieroglyphics which Carol instantly recognizes]

Carol: Kreeglyphs?

Fury: Hmm?

Carol: Lawson is not cuckoo. She's Kree.

Fury: Well, she's dead.

Carol: What?

Fury: She crashed the ASIS aircraft during an unauthorized test flight. Took a pilot down with her. That's why security here's so unfriendly. They're covering up a billion dollar mistake. Oh, and your light-speed engine is toast.

[Fury shows Carol a black and white photograph of a site of the plane crash. The image is a satellite photo of a flat beach next to a mountain, however, the beach has a track leading up to a circle caused by an explosion. Carol turns over the next photo, showing the beach from eye level; the sand was pushed up into large ridges by the explosion]

Carol: When did this crash happen?

Fury: Six years ago. 1989.

Carol: Who was the pilot?

Fury: Um, most of this thing's redacted but there is a testimonial here from a Maria Rambeau. Last person to see them both alive.

[Fury's pager begins to buzz]

Fury: You OK?

Carol: Mm-hmm.

Fury: Back in a minute.

[Once Fury's gone, Carol reaches into the pile of file's in Fury's box and reads the testimonial and crash report. While she is flipping through the file, she stops at an image of Dr. Lawson, Maria, a pilot and herself in the background]

[A flashback then starts. A fighter jet suddenly takes off from a tarmac. Dr. Lawson speaks to Carol and Maria while the two pilots admire the plane]

Lawson: This isn't about fighting wars. It's about ending them.

[The flashback continues, with Carol attempting to land the new plane but crashing through trees before abruptly finishing]

[The scene then cuts to Carol on the phone with Yon-Rogg]

Carol: I know Lawson was Kree. She was here on C-53 and died in a plane crash. Do you know anything about this?

Yon-Rogg: I just discovered a mission report sent from C-53. There's only so much I'm cleared to tell you Vers, but... Lawson was an undercover Kree operative named Mar-Vell. She was working on a unique energy core. Experimenting with tech that apparently could help us win the war.
